The beginning of this man who doesn't mix good people
with him is a good thing to do.
I think that when I was always interested in something,
I didn't know.
It turned out that I was offered to be in
Kuchata in Kinstitut.
I was offered to live for the collection of goods.
And I worked until I knew it.
Everything was with me, there was no more.
But I felt like I was free.
That shock was like that.
If you were a peasant, you could count it as
a peasant.
No, no, no.
I don't watch these things.
I turn back to the back of the goal.
I will step down.
Money can't be motivated to do science.
Our today's guest,
Kanat Abdolich Bajgarin, director of the 100th Anniversary of Azerbaijan
University, is the president of Azerbaijan University, and the president
of Azerbaijan University.
Kanat Abdolich, what are we going to discuss today?
Well, we are going to discuss more today.
The next question is about our young people.
Our young people are Kasta,
and how much they are interested in internationalization, that is,
how they are integrated into the world community.
I believe that this is one of them.
It will be discussed on the field of science, on
the field of creation of our university,
and its history,
and my big experience,
and I would like to say that any experience that
you take into your life is your experience.
And I would like to show that
when we realize the project, when we get to Azerbaijan
University,
I used all my previous experience, when I started writing,
and even school.
I was told that I was going to school in
Azerbaijan, and there was an institute, science, and diplomatic influence,
and all that.
I would like you to always
take advantage of any contact
with anyone who is interested in you.
I would like to wish you all the best.
Even today,
there was no episode, when I was told that I
met such people who had made me a very useful
case, and I would like to bring it to you.
I would like to introduce to you, to you, to
you, at least I would like to make it happen.
Great, we will talk about it.
How did you make it happen?
12 years ago, and how did you manage to make
it happen?
How did you manage to make it happen?
I would like to introduce to you,
to you, to you, to you,
to you,
to you, to you, to you.
All of us, I went to Kazakhstan, wrote a photo,
and I remember the summer of 2013,
and you took me to the summer, I met
you, and the photo was given to you by Slovenia,
that is,
we started the autumn, and it is, in principle, that's
what it is, let's say, and the drought, let's say,
from the beginning, this drought, another one called,
thank you very much, that then it was possible, yes,
it's interesting to ask you what about today, what about
we, what about we, what about, what about, what, what
about, we have no name yet, but we have been
here since the last 16 years, this year we have
been called, so here the cases are approaching, we had
different different variants, we loved the ones, so to say,
the botanical name, we had a Fourier transform, and there
we left it on, because it was the most easy,
maybe easy to say.
And then, well, then, after, it turned out that there
is a function that grows faster with a low speed,
that is, I hope that it grows in this, in
this, in this name, there is only as it is.
Well, yes, it is not that simple, but in my
opinion, in the lower, as I'm looking at, it's an
infacterial, really.
Thank you very much, but I'm glad, I'm glad that
somehow, also that you remember how we started, how we
met,
and how it was, I think it was then that
I told you that I was better at the parties,
at the graffiti that someone gave me, Piotr Leonich Kepitsa,
and one of such phrases, such a deep, it is
the beginning of this man who makes good people work,
and in my opinion, you have also been there in
the community, it is still there, yes, yes, it is
still there in the community, certainly, well, if you are
surrounded by normal guys, then you should not only make
work, that's all, my task was always there.
Thank you very much, I still remember this, here, the
audience of 503 under the library, the biggest audience, and
I remember,
we have worked on the fact that it was available
for all residents of the city, but not only to
be honest, I'm glad that you can come here, just
by the pass, yes, yes,
from any place, in general, even in the sky, even
such a fountain, maybe you know, you know, the rest
of the summer is the most important unicorn of the
Krasnoysk Hicksfield, he came to the excursion, he came to
the club two times, he just went through it, and
he was so glad to come here, and I remember,
you know, something like this, we started there, all evening,
all evening, and go to the until 122 .0, everything
was continued, and you sometimes when you went
already home, yes, you must look, I do
it very quietly, but I noticed that you did it,
of course, that was a golden period of time,
well, it appeared in the Netherlands, and there were only
one of them, I don't want to complain, but it's
just a matter of fact, thank you, well, as I
said, you get, they were at the university at the
very beginning of the year, that is, 16 years, they
saw the growth of the university until the world level,
but your students today get a lot of money, they
go to the beach, and in the
not only in the US, but in Europe, in the
Asia, how did you get out of the inside, all
of this happened in the name of all, well, from
the inside, at the beginning, it was really a huge
enthusiasm, especially the young who came,
after a lot of steps, and the university was not
known to anyone, of course, then we played such a
hard adventure,
but there was a school, although I remember, we gathered
there with the guys, the Islam, which is now also
turned around, and there is a adventure,
and then as well, and then there were chess, there
were young men, then there were no men, there were
nothing, young guys, which we took,
and they actually raised him, as it was necessary to
order, there was nothing, there were no buildings, empty, and
that's all, so in this period there was such, well,
I said, a passionate, what is it called, yes, such
a man, under the rise of power, and a large
number of players who came from there, mainly already had
some kind of life experience, but this is already an
experience, and the culture that came from there, and I
brought you, well, I was working on these guys, and
I gave it a full freedom to act in that
moment, well, it was shown only the goal, and then
they did it on their own, and I thought that
it was 99 percent absolutely successful, guys, I hope that
they are now also in the ghetto, they were all
dying in Kazakhstan,
well, successful, I don't bother them, I see some people
in the audience, and then there was such a rise,
this was the beginning,
well, then we arrived at school, like three schools, there
were a lot of people, and how was it three
schools, it was school of science and technology,
humanitarian school and engineering school, why strategic partners
have already chosen strategic partners from the United States, it
was and the British, that is, each school was сотрудically,
yes, there was a simple function with the authority, they
helped us to look for, well, to find, and the
second, they helped us with programs with curriculum, yes, that's
it, then we did everything by themselves, that is, I
mean, those professors who came, these were, well, in general,
they were from different countries,
well, and there were our guys, young guys, who were
protecting the doctors there, that is, it was such a
revolution,
such a human potential at that moment, and the last
decision was made, at first, we created a school, foundation,
then schools,
they started to work, then they said, what do they
think about the first attack in the field, 10 is
also possible, it's foundation 10 years ago, yes, then then
they said, we immediately started with foundation, and then went
there, the first hand, and so on, and I want
to say that at that moment, as I said, there
were some scientific directions, because initially, those guys who
came to help us, the lab assistants,
I said, you have, in August,
some time, work,
there, I don't remember how long, how long it takes,
about two hours to work on these tasks, which have
two hours to go to the school, which you start
doing, and try to work on it, that is,
we were then able to allow me to do this,
and I long to say that it was a very
big role, because many of them went to science, and
I was given a majority of them, because they worked
on science, and this was the moment when we created
a
potential, not only for the rest of the world, but
many, of course, already in other countries, maybe in Australia,
so I think for a young man it was a
very good place to work on the FNU set, it's
all the time, this is the first and the second,
we have already started to talk about the creation of
scientific centers, and so that immediately the university is to
orient such a scientific university, and then it was decided
to create the center of the energy research in the
science center, and then it disappeared,
and in fact, it was gradually realized,
and then we again went to all these called, they
called the market conditions, marketing, let's go to work with
them, then we went to the park, yes,
we agreed to go there, two centers agreed, there is
a tourist, which is called 11 -14, yes,
yes, I was a director, and we, at the end
of the day, I returned to Rukovostok, and let's do
something with the building, and we were supposed to start
a hotel in the university of the old one, and
we made a technopark, and we really made a technopark
for a year, he began to pay for it, because
he said for many, let's say, a year or three,
they started with their small business, and now I am
already flying, and I don't even know where,
I think, in Cairo, which, you know, he, he was
sitting there as well, by the way, we met, in
Cairo, because Fabia invited him to the jury.